set arch riscv:rv64
target remote localhost:1234
b __riscv64_entry
b test_switch
b __test
b __riscv64_exit
b __test_write_general_registers
disp /10i $pc
disp /x $sstatus
disp /x $hstatus
disp /x $hpmcounter3
disp /x $hpmcounter4
disp /x $hpmcounter5
disp /x $hpmcounter6
disp /x $hpmcounter7
disp /x $hpmcounter8
disp /x $hpmcounter9
disp /x $hpmcounter10
disp /x $hpmcounter11
disp /x $hpmcounter12
disp /x $hpmcounter13
disp /x $hpmcounter14
disp /x $hpmcounter15
disp /x $hpmcounter16
disp /x $hpmcounter17
disp /x $hpmcounter18
disp /x $hpmcounter19
disp /x $hpmcounter20
disp /x $hpmcounter21
disp /x $hpmcounter22
disp /x $hpmcounter23
disp /x $hpmcounter24
disp /x $hpmcounter25
disp /x $hpmcounter26
disp /x $hpmcounter27
disp /x $hpmcounter28
disp /x $hpmcounter29
disp /x $hpmcounter30
disp /x $hpmcounter31
disp /x $hpmcounter3h
disp /x $hpmcounter4h
disp /x $hpmcounter5h
disp /x $hpmcounter6h
disp /x $hpmcounter7h
disp /x $hpmcounter8h
disp /x $hpmcounter9h
disp /x $hpmcounter10h
disp /x $hpmcounter11h
disp /x $hpmcounter12h
disp /x $hpmcounter13h
disp /x $hpmcounter14h
disp /x $hpmcounter15h
disp /x $hpmcounter16h
disp /x $hpmcounter17h
disp /x $hpmcounter18h
disp /x $hpmcounter19h
disp /x $hpmcounter20h
disp /x $hpmcounter21h
disp /x $hpmcounter22h
disp /x $hpmcounter23h
disp /x $hpmcounter24h
disp /x $hpmcounter25h
disp /x $hpmcounter26h
disp /x $hpmcounter27h
disp /x $hpmcounter28h
disp /x $hpmcounter29h
disp /x $hpmcounter30h
disp /x $hpmcounter31h
c